[vsphere]: Update README with limitations in Virtual Machine metrics (#8331)
elastic/integrations: packages/vsphere/_dev/build/docs/README.md

 The virtual machine consists of a set of specification and configuration files and is backed by the physical resources of a host. Every virtual machine has virtual devices that provide the same functionality as physical hardware but are more portable, secure and easier to manage.

>  Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VM's conecected only to vSS (Virtual Standard Switch) and not vDS (virtual Dustributed Switches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VMs connected only to vSS (Virtual Standard Switch) and not vDS (virtual Distributed Switches).
```

Notes are usually in blockquote. Also spelling mistakes ^

>  Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VM's conecected only to vSS (Virtual Standard Switch) and not vDS (virtual Dustributed Switches).

Reviewer 2: Question: Is vSS vSphere Standard Switch or Virtual Standard Switch? Or are they interchangeable? I referred this https://www.vmware.com/in/products/vsphere/distributed-switch.html

Reviewer: ++

Same Q. I see `v` is `vSphere` (not virtual) in all the places I have checked.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. My latest change didn't get committed properly from repo. 
Its updated now.

>  Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VM's conecected only to vSS (VSphere Standard Switch) and not vDS (VSphere Dustributed Switches).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Note: vSphere Integration currently supports network names of VMs connected only to vSS (vSphere Standard Switch) and not vDS (vSphere Distributed Switches).
```
